hello guys welcome back to another
shastri studio video today we will be
reviewing the Benro
monopod with the s2 head now this
monopod is going to run you about 120
pounds few English guys and about 130
dollars for your American guys that's on
Amazon I don't know why they're so close
you would have thought that the
Americans would be a bit more so yeah to
be honest English guys are kind of
losing out of it there but is definitely
worth your money now the build quality
for this is excellent it's probably one
of the best build quality so kind of any
bigger I actually have this isn't some
Chinese knockoff this is the real deal
and is definitely worth every penny now
the search you will get was this is
gonna be completely stable it's gonna be
like you're basically using a tripod but
you have the freedom to kind of sway a
bit side to side gives you a little bit
more movement gives you a handheld feel
but the handheld feel of not being shaky
you kind of handheld like it's been kind
of stabilized and just that look is so
nice I mean this is so much easier to
carry around the big heavy weight tripod
and it's just it's it's so nice it works
so well
I've even see on here I've got quick
relief a for one of the guy test ones
like how on most of my gear just flip a
camera on there just go from there
instantly you don't need there's no
learning curves there's no nothing just
instantly prop it up and it works great
now as you probably know this is one of
these mono pods with the free feet which
comes out this gives it a bit more
stability it allows you to kind of move
around a bit it's got a ball gimbal in
here which allows you to kind of sweat
from side to side as you've seen these
feet actually there's buns on the side
which actually kind of let it you let it
go up so you can actually silly take it
up and you can use it in this position
if you want it does still have a rubber
bit here which allows you just to kind
of use it like a normal one but you're
definitely going to be wanting to use
these feet that's so nice for getting a
shots where you kind of like pulling in
and out because you can kind of push it
one way and then bring it back and it
works really well now you're going to be
using some lettuce and kind of
run-and-gun situation either kind of
like weddings and events or even if
you're doing a short film where you're
not supposed to be filming this is a
perfect kind of
piece of equipment to have for that if
their view can be tripod uses these here
which are little screw bits which you
were unscrew and it comes out it goes to
about the same height as me I know I'm
about six foot so it's actually pretty
high and get it nice and high I do have
a few problems with these sometimes if
you don't fully turn them all the way
around fully tighten them they can
become kind of loose a bit and sometimes
your camera will slide walk the whole
thing will kind of sit down a bit which
is coming on to me and make sure that
they're fully tightened but other than
that it's a great product now the head I
got was this one if the s2 head I
believe you can get another model with
the s4 head which is a bit bigger
I think this head is perfectly fine for
kind of DSLR users you're not gonna put
four ring on this head but the deal of
like a mic and a viewfinder perfectly
fine works well this can easily take it
when you're kind of putting a side to
side it can take that wait probably so
it doesn't feel like it's straining I
have put it on there with some heavier
stuff like the tank bit couldn't retail
a bit too heavy for that with the camera
stuff so I wouldn't advise using kind of
bigger year with it now when I first got
this it with the ball joint here which
is what you kind of use for the suit to
get it to move around
it was quite stiff and it does come with
Alan keister unloosen a bit but it's
really hard to get it precise so what I
kind of think is the good idea is to put
a bit of wore in there bit more with
some soap or kind of put a bit of oil in
there to kind of get it to be a bit
smoother but once you're actually using
it you don't really notice it it's only
when you're kind of doing slow shot if
you can I'm moving around a bit like
that
Peverley fine but when you kind of make
it slow sometimes it can creak but I
only found that the star of using it and
now it's perfectly fine so yeah that's
my review I would definitely say the
ground getting this piece of gear if
you're kind of a running gun filmmaker
or an event film somewhere that it's
easily one of the best piece of quick
equipment I kind of have and use I've
done quite a few shoots of it I did
about five days filming on this and it
was a pleasure to be just holding this
and stead of carrying around a big
tripod so much nicer I'll put some
footage up at the end of this video kind
of just showing you the difference
between handheld and this this easily
looks so much that even with image
stabilization on handheld with this it
just in knocks out the park it's so much
better so yeah I'd definitely go take a
look it's not that much about hundred
twenty-five hundred dollars so yeah
take a look and thanks for watching
today guys make sure you tune in next
time for the next review which should be
coming out tomorrow or soon so yeah
thanks